we have 51 minutes to transfer this
money
eagle 12 control situation normal copy
[Music]
whoa whoa what's going on i don't know
todd keep your eyes open
she just cut out on me you smell it
anybody smell that smell
somebody got to the fuel line
you passed your probation you're a
full-fledged guard
[Music]
check this baby out you know what they
say bigger the gun smaller the uh
all new trucks will be carrying priority
loads keep your eyes
i was wondering if you could throw a few
more shifts my way getting some real
ugly letters from the banks i'm sorry
kids not enough to go around
don't worry about it we're not going to
let the bank take your house nobody's
splitting us up
tomorrow we're going to be transporting
42 million
think about it we might get jacked as a
matter of fact they do
we're going to take that money ty are
you crazy
you think last week was a joke it was a
test run promise me nobody gets hurt
that's a promise
[Music]
someone's here what are you doing here
not everybody's a hero soldier boy
[Music]
all you gotta do is open the door
you